[music]
[sewing machine]
Have you ever wondered
Who made my clothes?
[noise]
[different voices in
different languages]
who made my clothes?
Well in the official fashion
revolution podcast
we’ll be asking exactly that.
Most of our clothing is made
in far away places by people
we never see.
By delving into the lives of
garment workers from around
the globe, we'll uncover some
of the stories behind your
favourite outfits.
We’ll speak to experts about
how the fashion industry works
and explore the ways everybody
can play a part in changing things
for the better.
At the end you’ll find out how
you too can join the fashion
revolution.
You can download all the episodes
in our three-part series through
iTunes, the acast app or wherever
you get your podcasts.